Update the docs about Journald support. (#1272)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/install-elastic-agents.md

* `endpoint-security` - used to implement [{{elastic-defend}}](../../solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend.md).
* `pf-host-agent` - used to collect profiling data from hosts as part of Elastic [Universal Profiling](../../solutions/observability/infra-and-hosts/get-started-with-universal-profiling.md).

> It also includes the [journald](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-journald.service.html) dependencies necessary to use the [journald input](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-journald.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with version 9.1, the basic flavor also includes the [journald](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-journald.service.html) dependencies necessary to use the [journald input](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-journald.html).
```

* `endpoint-security` - used to implement [{{elastic-defend}}](../../solutions/security/configure-elastic-defend.md).
* `pf-host-agent` - used to collect profiling data from hosts as part of Elastic [Universal Profiling](../../solutions/observability/infra-and-hosts/get-started-with-universal-profiling.md).

> Beginning with version 9.1, the basic flavor also includes the [journald](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-journald.service.html) dependencies necessary to use the [journald input](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-journald.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Beginning with version 9.1, the basic flavor also includes the [journald](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-journald.service.html) dependencies necessary to use the [journald input](beats://reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-journald.md).
```

> Beginning with version 9.1, the basic flavor also includes the [journald](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-journald.service.html) dependencies necessary to use the [journald input](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-journald.html).

Reviewer 2: ok 👍

> Beginning with version 9.1, the basic flavor also includes the [journald](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-journald.service.html) dependencies necessary to use the [journald input](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-journald.html).

Reviewer 2: Ahh sorry I messed it up

For containerized environments, the servers {{agent}} flavor is installed using the default `elastic-agent` command with an agent container package. This flavor contains the same set of components described in [Servers flavor](#elastic-agent-servers-flavor-regular) above.

> {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.1` The servers {{agent}} flavor also includes the [journald](https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd-journald.service.html) dependencies necessary to use the [journald input](beats://reference/filebeat/filebeat-input-journald.md).

Reviewer 3: @colleenmcginnis, is this placement up-to-date with the latest versioning guidelines?

Reviewer 4: We haven't (yet) decided to standardize the placement of inline labels. This is perfect for now.

(I'll be doing a sweep of all 9.1 labels across ingest docs the week before the 9.1 release to make any final updates so as long as the label exists and I can find it later, I'm happy.)
